fix: implement changes keeping metatags (#1078)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/build-journey/develop-with-azion/frameworks/framework-overview.mdx

---
title: Overview

> description: Explore the revolution of Jamstack architecture with Edge Computing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore the revolution of Jamstack architecture with edge computing,
```

>   using tools like Vulcan and Azion CLI for efficient web app development on the Azion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  using tools like Vulcan and Azion CLI for efficient web application development on the Azion's
```
